and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show excited to be joined by
jared best mitchell today
jared is a sales training and linkedin
specialist through linkedin
he's been able to grow his business
through inbound via the content he's
produced
which has received over 750 000 views
back in 2020. jared a very warm welcome
to the show sir
how are you doing good morning i am
doing well
um and joining brexit outside and
as you say just having the best 2021
ever i'm going to put out a record
already it's been really great so far
good stuff man and i can hear the birds
chirping away over there in trinidad
trinidad and tobago i was just saying
i'd wish i was over there rather than uk
we're on full lock
whereas it sounds like things are
opening up a bit nicer where you are so
good luck and cool weather
it's not my favorite thing um so i do
not envy you
i am very blessed where i am right now
i think i think on the cd temperature i
know it's 34 degrees celsius
very nice there are blue skies very few
clouds
oh man if i could get on the plane right
now i would trust me anyway we're not
here to talk whether we're here to talk
business
um namely linkedin and how we can
maximize
our linkedin presence our profiles this
year 2021
to to really drive revenue and that's
that's what we're about on this show
growing your business getting more
inbound opportunities getting more sales
but before we start i really want to put
you on under the spotlight jared and ask
you
social selling is it a myth or does it
actually drive sales and revenue
it actually drives sales and revenue
when you have the
right script the right practice and
it definitely gets you the business so i
will give you an example
most of my business is inbound it's
generated from linkedin
um in addition to these 750 000 views
that i've gotten so far
i've actually generated about 80 000 usm
pipeline
just from linkedin alone and here's the
important thing
that social selling aspect is a lot
easier when you pair it with your
content
because people have a lot more
familiarity with you but social selling
goods
once you understand your clear
objectives and who your ideal client is
on these types of platforms
social selling works awesome so the
proof really is in the pudding like you
say
you've had good good traction for your
engagement and free real revenue
yeah in your mind what does social
selling actually mean because i know so
many people have
got their definition we've had guys like
daniel disney we've had justin welsh and
other kind of well-known people that
are rocking it on linkedin and social um
what's your what's your opinion on
social selling because i know some
people say social is the platform where
you get the engagement and then you take
the
conversations offline some people say
you can pitch in the dms others say you
can't pitch in messages
what's your view on it um so let me let
me give you my point i think what is
interesting if you look at all the
definitions of social selling it does
not include the word
sales in it or selling it actually
speaks about
creating awareness and nurturing your
customer so i have a saying which is
your content is what leads your
prospects along the path of becoming
your client
so to me social selling is all about you
being able to
put those messages out and then start to
have really genuine
conversations with the connections
whether it be on any social media
platform that you're on
that allows them to understand the value
that you can present
so i think where people fall short is
that i'm not a fan of pitching someone
in the inbox i'm a fan of if i could
understand your need
and i can understand where you have a uh
an opportunity where my services help
i still might not even pitch i would
still allow the questions to bring you
to the conclusion
that i am the best person for the job
got it okay so it's more about
understanding
starting those same information and let
me say you know i think people fall
short on social selling they're honestly
not
engaging with enough persons so for me
and you will notice from a lot of the
persons who are successful on it they
spend a lot of time engaging and post
getting their face out their awareness
and i think that's where people fall
short
i am probably having conversations
sometimes with about
20 persons a day and a lot of persons
aren't doing that amount of volume and
even for me that's a low amount
so that is a key part and then let me
give my secret sauce
linkedin video is something that allows
me to do social selling
very very effectively that i think is
underutilized
i am proud to say i have done four
thousand videos already to people
to connections with a 50 response rate
that's some impressive stats dude now
we're going to jump into hopefully if
we've got time today
your secret content tips what's really
working for you and what everyone tuning
in can get stuck into in terms of
not only driving engagement but
ultimately things are going to produce
revenue which is which is what's key
before we get to that i'd love to to
break down linkedin
profiles i know we did it a long time
ago on the show so i'm keen to get a
fresh update for 2021
and of a step by step perhaps even from
from the ground up really jared so if
if i pull up linkedin in a second on my
other screen here and we really look at
it
so even from perhaps if we're looking at
the profile we've got
the top area so maybe the ban area and
then working down from the banner
so everybody who's looking at this now
that
what you mentioned there to me is more
important than your profile picture you
should have a banner
on your linkedin profile because that is
what everyone sees first
then your eyes go to the left to look at
your profile picture
right but if your banner can
expressively state the value that you
provide or what is your angle
you have the person immediately willing
to scroll down
and look at the additional info so in my
opinion
banner first get it done um if you can't
do it yourself
i would highly recommend check out bad
data this
is it done the banana guy look for
paraguay
he's based in the uk he does excellent
work get a profile picture
get a great headline that's a loan will
generate you business if you have the
call to action done well there
and everything else can fall afterwards
got it
okay so that banner just to give us an
idea so if someone wants to
to get get one set up either build it
themselves or get get
get someone to do it professional
professionally sorry
should it should it give a quick idea of
kind of what you do the problems you
solve how you help and then maybe
contact info is there a bit more to it
no that's that's exactly it so for me
yeah make sure you have a nice image it
could be the company logo but let's just
say for example
um my room would be um i haven't known
for my
webinar that i just finished but it
would be linkedin
trainer six coach i'm linkedin called
sales trainer
um linkedin content creator and then it
always has dm me so there's a call to
action in it
and i do always recommend if you can put
your image there as well because
people will be seeing you twice on your
bill and that familiarity it is a
it is an absolute key factor for me i
think of what attracts people to your
profile
yeah and it takes up quite a lot of real
estate doesn't it jared in terms of the
actual profile itself not only being the
top thing you see on your
profile but it's quite a big chunk isn't
it
let's look at it this way right imagine
if this is me on the tv this is my
linkedin profile and the rest is my
banner here
this is this is more important than this
exactly
and for anyone listening on audio only
chad was ducking down there and just
giving the impression of how how much
space the banner takes
okay so that that's the top banner the
the big image there
underneath we've got your profile image
yeah so any any guidelines what we
should be thinking like that do we need
to use one of our
um old school images or what a nice
little wedding photo
oh i think you're doing another purpose
man gentlemen and many particularly
biggest offenders
please do not use your wedding pictures
as like you don't wear a suit on your
day-to-day job why are you wearing a
suit in your profile picture it should
honestly be
what the person sees when they meet you
so
even for women as well always have an
up-to-date picture so if you haven't
done a picture in the last six months
and there's a significant change in you
would it be weed gain weight loss facial
hair
haircuts you need to update the picture
like and the reason why i emphasize this
my parents recognize me even when i have
my mask on
that is how powerful having a profile
picture and putting content up there
it matters so trust me get an updated
one especially if you're in sales
nice and is that something you can take
yourself can you do it on your
smartphone or directly
everybody has great smartphones so my
recommendation if you cannot get someone
to help you and you may have a tripod
set the timer
make sure you get it shoulder height
above
that's your proper profile picture just
a standard one you don't need to be
grinning
just a small smoke a small smile and
you're good to go
if it is that you don't have the budget
to afford a professional photographer
got it well that that will make sense
that's straightforward enough okay
and then we've got the next section
moving down
is we have our name so we've got our
name title and then we've also got the
headline
that goes under it is super important
your headline should always be similar
to the panel which is the value that you
provide
to the customer so if i'm looking at
this i can understand
this is how this individual can help me
or this is what this individual does it
must be able to give that person a clear
picture
and i think linkedin has made it easier
because i think they almost double the
size of the information you can put in
the banner
so you can you can put your tagline and
you can also put the industries or the
sectors
that your work falls under because that
is also searchable
in linkedin's search bar so you don't
write it's up to that opportunity yeah
so that that's in these keys so if
persons look for
a csg not a coach you can it ties back
to your headline which is important and
that's why you can't put things like um
owner of sam's
beverages because people won't
understand like what a sound beverage is
like you need to put what you do exactly
like
saying ceo doesn't matter unless you're
tim cook or
your um the gates like
that matters but you need to put what
you do
and how you help others okay and why is
it important jared that we don't just
put our job title for
examples um business owner or ceo or
account executive or sales director
whatever it is at xyz company why is it
more important that we
reword it because
all right let's just say account
executive is a perfect example if i say
i'm an account executive
at abc company that doesn't give me a
clear idea especially if you don't have
the awareness behind your organization
however if i put that i am a
as executive helping organizations move
from physical hardware to the cloud
how you could put for small to medium
businesses in the hospitality sector
moving from um people to people as
functions
then i'm able to speak directly to what
the person wants and i understand
because i don't care what your company
name is yet
what i need to understand is what you
can do for me and especially if you're
social selling especially if you're
making
outreach to your ideal client your head
i need to speak to that benefit
got it okay and i guess it appears quite
a lot in the feed doesn't it if you're
commenting on people's posts
they're gonna see that little headline
underneath your image and underneath
your name
that's gonna flash up wherever someone
engages on a post
exactly that is it it's so so important
to have that done versus just
a county executive at abc distributors
that doesn't tell
anyone anything understood okay
and then the next little section we have
is
i think there's a little box underneath
our future
is it providing services yes but it's
called featured so this is the only part
i would tell persons
feature section is where you can have
your hard sales pitch you can
literally put this is what my company
does you can put the pricing these
services
i would recommend you put it in there
because again if i'm going through your
profile
this is what i see before i go to the
about section to the experiences to the
skills here recommendations
so i will put everything that is there
and i will also put any content that i
have that's high performance there
so that it gets the attention of the
user and they could see what work i've
done in the past as well
okay yep so that's the featured section
so would that be things like
links to our website or actual
pages everything yep it is to me
again it's another underutilized aspect
um by many persons but it is a great
section just to put that is a great area
where you sell sell sell sell
yeah noticed on that featured section
jared that some people tend to go for
actually putting some of their posts
there so perhaps they've had a high
performing linkedin post and they've put
their feet
that's just full of those those posts
that have done perhaps well yeah other
people purely put
links to their website maybe there's a
contact page or portfolio page or a case
study
or a testimonial something like that
yeah do you think we should mix the two
or we should just
just try and do the hard sell just
direct people straight to where we want
them to go
i think it depends on so i the persons
who have seen that just have heart cell
on there are the ones who are sometimes
not active in creating as much content
so at least that speaks to what they do
which i am personally okay with because
let's be honest we are linkedin
to sell no matter what profession we're
in our job might not say sales
but we all here to sell ourselves so i
think
put in that aspect that i think will
really give the value if you don't
create the content
but it's always good to mix it up yeah
okay
and one part we missed is just above the
featured section we've got the about
so we've got the about section where we
can we've got quite a
significant amount of space certainly on
the desktop view where we can put quite
a lot of text in the about
page so what what's your advice there
because i know back in the day that was
more of a cv
so i've i kind of worked at this job for
a few years and i'm really experienced
in it
and all this stuff all these different
bullet points i mean how should we
laying this out what should we be
thinking about when people are going to
go on this page and click our about
section um number one don't put
attention to the person
you're not more than three months he's
not the rate in your life
um the other one that you need to look
at is that you need to put it as in
what your objectives are so if you're
looking for a job
you need to speak of what you can
provide to that organization
if it is you're trying to position
yourself as a thought leader you
definitely want to list your experiences
and what you've done in your career that
could put you as that type of person
if you're a sales professional i would
honestly talk about
what i've been able to provide and help
my clients with so for example if i'm an
insurance
you need to speak if you're on mdrt if
you're a member of the million dollar
wrong table
how many policies an average you're
doing per year you need to mention those
type of things because if the ideal
client comes across your profile
those stats speak to maybe why i would
want to do business with you
yeah so i mean just looking at your your
about section here
i can see that you it's almost like a
story at the start judd
you said i've never thought i'd be be
working for myself
and then you've got a bit about your
experience and then
some information on the fact that you
help people with linkedin
you help people with self training and
then like you said a few keywords
towards the bottom
um some hashtags and then a way for
people to connect and reach out to you
yes definitely that is one of the best
ways and i would recommend
every time you have a career change you
should look at a linkedin profile in
detail just to make sure that everything
speaks to where you at
now and the reason why i'm saying this
is that i will call
um at the end of december with a client
and
i did not know he got promoted to the
general manager of the company so i was
thinking he wasn't in a decision-making
position and he was
but his linkedin profile didn't state
that so for a lot of you
you may be missing out on opportunities
whether it be to position yourself as a
thought leader to find that next shot
simply because you have an update to
your linkedin profile
okay okay and other than any other
things we need to consider about how we
structure this about section
or is it just important that we lay out
what we're doing how we're helping
how we're able to help people in
businesses in the best way to get in
touch or is there a bit more to it
make a current make it tell a story and
the story has to speak to the person
that's reading it it's not it's not
about you it's about
them understanding what benefit you can
provide to them that's a key thing
but every if you notice with every
section
we speak about on linkedin it's all
about what you can provide to others if
you
look at your profile in that format
manner you would definitely have a lot
more success and you
again you'll have a lot more people
reaching out to your inbox to learn more
or to actually
want to do business with you immediately
from what you're presented in your
entire linkedin profile
gotcha gotcha and i noticed we missed
one point actually just under the
um the section just under our headline
so we've got the
profile services yeah the providing
circle i know we've got a few options
there in your case you've got public
speaking
training business consultant i think if
i remember right you can kind of pick
from a list can you you can start
yeah this is limited though that that's
what upsets me it's very limited
so i like the list because they have um
there are several things besides
providing services you could you could
you can also put that that you're open
to work for to swap your hunting
you can't have your providing services
that there's one more as well i can't
remember it off the top of my head but
i think it when you have those activated
if you have open to work activated
recruiters can find you without your
employer knowing and if you have been
providing services
again when people are searching for
certain things you will come up because
they have that listed as well so once
you see the option
make sure and activate it understood
okay so that's that then we've filled
out our about section
that's great we've gone through the
featured section which is just
underneath um i don't think we need to
talk about the activity section because
that's just showing the activity that
we've recently had whether we've
commented on posts or like posts on page
okay is that something you need to touch
yes let me give you a tip on this so for
those of you who are trying to grow your
network on linkedin here's the tip that
i have
i in the past i will add anybody who
adds me
currently right now i have about 66
invitations connections to respond to
and i'm honestly going through it to see
if the persons are active on linkedin
and this is important if you create
content because i don't want
ten thousand followers and only two
thousand are active
because how linked in algorithm works is
that when they put stuff out to my
network
nobody's going to see because these
users aren't active
at all they probably log in once a month
and we'll see
even if they do log in they aren't
clicking like on any post they aren't
commenting which means that they're
going to do the same thing when they
come across
my content so it may sound bad but i'm
i'm policy spending a lot more time
analyzing who do i accept into my
network because just as much as i want
the engagement
if they are active it lets me know that
i can engage with them and i could learn
from you
so that is i think a key key part so
when you look at activity
make sure the individual is active
because you want to have a conversation
right and it's we want to make it go
back and forth
yeah yeah yeah great point so connecting
with people that are actually active on
the platform rather than someone that
just logs in once every six months or 12
months
yeah and you you see you see it a lot no
honestly i think the last
set of connections because i cleared 50
or at least more weren't active on the
platform at all so i
didn't it didn't make any sense because
i couldn't get any value from you
in terms of learning from you and they
didn't have completed profiles
there was nothing to learn so to me
honestly it did not make any sense to
to add them to my network makes sense
okay so moving down we've got the
experience section
so that's essentially where we've got
all the list of the current our current
job our current position
or positions and all the previous roles
that we've had
so any advice here jared should we be
putting every job we've had since our
paper round when we were 12 years old
or uh is there a bit more of a strategy
to it is the first thing i'll tell that
i realize a lot of people don't do
you need to quantify your resume and you
need to also quantify the section
so i remember meeting with a lawyer and
the lawyer
told me she's a lawyer i'm like but in
what field specifically do you do
arbitration
civil law and she said civil i was like
great
how many cases have you done because now
you're set in a benchmark
because me just putting that i am a
a lawyer doesn't really tell anybody
anything but if i say that i'm a
civil lawyer who has done over 200 350
cases
that now speaks to the volume and the
expertise that i can provide to you
so it's really really important to
quantify that specific
section and i would always say i think
after 10 years you could just summarize
your
positions if they're 10 years older
unless it's something
super unique that is applicable to what
you're doing now
i said the last 10 years is enough to
put detail on for your resume
for your experience section last 10
years okay
and say we we we did quite a bit of job
hopping in those first five years
do you think we should look to slim that
down if there was maybe 10 rolls
in in our younger days when we were
perhaps five years younger
and then we've had one stable job well
now we run a business
so should we try and slim that down so
there's not loads of things for people
to scroll through nah
definitely you wanna you want to slim it
down so after you so
my recommendation fill everything out in
detail
but then ask somebody to go to your
profile and scroll down to see how they
see it
and if you find yourself scrolling
scroll and scroll and scrolling
you need to think about what value are
you providing to the person that's
looking at your profile
so even if you have jumped from several
jobs i would always say
in my current job that needs to have the
most meet the most value of what i do
and every other job after that i would
cut out half of this section
and i only put the key things that i
actually did the most impressive aspects
and that's why i summarize it then when
i reach a 10
10 year mark all of those things just
have a one line
just a simple one like if you want more
information i could probably send you a
copy of my resume or more details on
that job that i did
gotcha okay so that's the experience
section
and then that's that's the bulk of the
profile moving down we've got some
smaller sections we've got
in your case on your profile jar we've
got the education
part so i think that's minus
i was going to say my academic accolades
aren't
pretty few and far apart that's for sure
i would say honestly education put your
degrees there if you can
license and certifications great that
helps you
um i would bypass skills and
endorsements entirely that is the most
pointless aspect of linkedin i have not
seen any person benefiting that there's
zero in my opinion
so just before we jump to that so things
like i know that on linkedin profile
education like you said licenses and
certifications i think there's ones for
like
voluntary um voluntary things
are these just minor things are these
things we need to look into in much
detail
well if you specialize so if you and uh
you know you do a specific job
where it's unique and you have these um
certificates for it
great put it there but if not
i don't really see it as being anything
significant that will
sway uh a job seeker or anybody who's
looking at your profile i don't think
it's gonna squeeze their opinion of you
okay cool and then nearly at the end
we've got like you mentioned the skills
and endorsements so
i remember years ago this is something
that loads of people used to always
kind of spam me to getting skills get
endorsed me on their semester
i'd love to you to endorse me is that
something new to be
to be that bothered about i can see
you've got 99 in cells and
some in networking and some in the
reflection that was forever
ago and honestly i don't even pay
attention to it
anymore the section below it is way more
important
recommendations is what you should focus
on like that honestly
is where you should spend your time
because if i
reach this section looking at your
linkedin profile
this has to be honestly like the icing
on the cake for me to reach out to you
because
the recommendations that prisons would
give you will always see the dealers
that is your social proof like
everything you've seen me see about
myself this is
other people saying it's about me now so
you would want to make sure
that those things are filled out to the
best and that once you can get a
recommendation
make sure that you can have it on your
linkedin profile
sure so yeah i mean social proof is a
big thing it's something i talk a lot
about when we're
designing websites or digital marketing
strategies that's
really big on building trust and like
you said it could just be that tip of
the iceberg that someone's read through
your whole profile
they see this one review perhaps it
resonates with them and that's the
the tipping point where they decide to
get in touch
who wrote it they might be like i know
this guy if he's recommending him then
it has to be good yeah yeah it can work
more than one way definitely and
that's why i think it sucks that it's at
the bottom of linkedin like on the c
that should be
like right after your headline i think
recommendation should be right there
like honestly i could be shuffled
recommendations would be high up on top
experience would be at the bottom
i would completely eliminate skills and
i'll just put the things that really
matter to the
tv view of my profile at the top that's
a good point
i wonder if they ever will re-jig that
section so recommendations are near the
top
i wonder why they don't do that i wish
they would because that is honestly what
matters
but remember late at night 12 times so
they want you to scroll
all the way down to your profile but
that day honestly is the best part about
it
that is your social proof cool man and
any tips on
the best ways to collect these these
kind of reviews in terms of whether we
should do a project then ask someone to
head over to our linkedin review and a
linkedin page story and add their review
or
any ways you found effective to generate
those um
what works for me because what i
consider is the fact that persons don't
have time
so i asked the individual but i also
have the message prepared so i'll be
like hey sam
um do you mind writing on linkedin um
recommendation for me based on the work
that i did
and i gave you three options to focus on
to say can you focus on a b and c that
we did with regards to the project and
this outcome
and if you don't have the time to write
which most persons don't
have here's a short summary of what you
can put if you like it
you can copy and paste and put it as a
recommendation
99 of the time that's what my
that's what my persons do nice so you're
actually pretty much giving them a
template
of the format that you'd like and i get
to write the message that i want them to
say which focuses on
exactly what i was able to provide to
them and honestly i found
when i when i speak to some persons
besides not having the time
some persons honestly aren't sure what
to say but because they have built that
trust and relationship with you
if you write it up for them that's why
99 percent of the time they say
that's awesome put it up there
and jared do people when you get inbound
inquiries from linkedin
do people often say that they've seen
your testimonials because i know when
i've had leads from linkedin
they don't necessarily mention it or do
you just think it's it's like you say
it's just that extra bit of social proof
it's just building that trust um so it's
just usually some
something a prospect might flick through
and then they'll reach out rather than
just saying i saw a review now i'm gonna
contact you um i would say right now
most of it still comes from the
um the content that i'm putting out
because a lot of persons like the
content that i'm putting on which is
great
and then i think second will always be
the recommendations
because just last week i was thinking no
two weeks ago speaking to a client
and when i finally got onto them i said
jared thanks for being persistent
um i have done my checkups on you i
like what i heard and i like what i'm
seeing online on linkedin so i'm like
great so i think it's good to have both
of those bases covered so if
anybody decides to use either they speak
to you in the same manner
got it and then apart from that i think
just looking at the bottom section we've
got the accomplishment
section so i think you can add courses
that you've done
so i know you've got some projects and
courses and languages and
that kind of good stuff all in that
accomplishment section so is that is
that a very important area that we need
to look at
[Music]
i would say it depends on what you have
done so
so for example um this is what they call
the section right the accomplishment
unless it's something really really
unique
yes so for example i have like my
when i did my launch for nokia which was
many years ago um probably so many
languages that you could speak there but
honestly
i don't think people screwed this file
on your profile
which is like honesty sound this is my
thing
if you have a banner a profile picture
and a headline
and you're putting all content and
you're engaging you honestly might not
need to have everything else done well
besides probably
your recommendations i honestly think
that section is so cool on your linkedin
profile that once that is done properly
that is like
90 of what you need to do to be
successful on linkedin
got it got it and then the final section
just to wrap up is just interests
so i guess that's just areas that we've
liked and
yeah followed over the years
the only thing interest can help you
which is when you start a conversation
with someone if you'll have something in
familiar familiar
and you're able to convert that into a
conversation with your connection
great but in most cases the content
is what really gets you to start the
conversation with the individual not
necessarily their interest
understood cool man so that's that's a
head to toe
on linkedin profiles what you should do
what you should be doing
what to think about how often do we need
to refresh it how often do we need to
assess our linkedin profile and give it
a spring clean
i say twice a year or every time you
have a career change
you definitely need to look at your
linkedin profile
and get that up to date to make sure
that it speaks to what you're doing
if you are job hunting i recommend that
you
be on linkedin every single day because
many recruiters are on this platform
looking for you
versus spending time on the job search
platform so
i think a key success factor that many
persons might not explore
is actually messaging and reaching out
to recruiters any platform with a value
message of what you can
bring to the company so i would
recommend depending on what you're doing
with the platform what's its objective
for you that's how much time
you need to spend either tweaking your
profile adding stuff to it
to make sure they could show persons how
awesome you are
okay so in summary just twice a year or
if we've had a job change or business
change
need to make sure it's relevant i guess
to our new position or if we start a new
company
and then here's a tip if let's just say
i'm i'm in sales
and i start a new role in an
organization and i update that on
linkedin linkedin notifies my entire
network
which allows me a trigger event now
because depending on who responds
if they're an id client of mine i can
message them privately to say hey
thanks for reaching out about my recent
promotion um
just wanted to find if i can have five
or ten minutes of your time to introduce
the products or the service to you
to see if you or your organization may
be interested so
that's why that's a key reason why i
update
experience sections for clients because
that creates a tricky event
that always gets you meet it always it's
a never fail
interesting never thought about that one
yeah we'll have to look into that and
give that i guess a nice little
gem for anyone tuning in that's not
tried that awesome dude
well we've we've pretty much covered the
the profile head-to-toe is there
anything else that we need to consider
about
what we've not touched on yet other
little gems that have worked for
yourself or any other nuggets of advice
that we need to bear in mind
um i will tell you my secret thing right
now on the sleezy content
um because despite the fact there are
many people on linkedin because it costs
700 million users
this year last year um i think there's
still not enough people producing
content which is an advantage for me
so if it is that you can speak your
customers language and i always mention
this to presents
if you're on linkedin it doesn't matter
what purpose you're here for
but i always tell persons this if
there's nobody in your industry
speaking on linkedin but your customers
are here your buyers are here
you have to ask who is talking to them
who is influencing their decisions
and that means that if no one is you
better step up to that podium because no
one else is there
and you need to start having that
conversation you need to start putting
out your opinion
you need to start sharing what you know
and that is honestly how you're going to
generate business
because that's all i've done all i've
done on linkedin is
whatever i know or find out i forgot a
way to put it out there's content
you can't do the same thing whether
you're selling a product or you're
trying to be a thought leader
or you're just trying to network and
reach awareness you need to start
putting on the content
that is a cup that is so ninety percent
of your linkedin profiler's
banner profile picture headline that 10
that little icing on the cake honestly
is what is going to like just drive
everyone to your business and
to ask you for your services so content
to me i think is on the cd the
next secret sauce i think a lot of
persons have to do
and of course i just love to engage
having conversations learning from
people like you on other sony platform
is one of the best ways as well awesome
dude well
really appreciate you coming on jared
we've covered the the profile side of
things nicely we'll have to get you back
on
to share some of your secrets in terms
of creating content in terms of perhaps
an outreach strategy as well as i know
you've had a lot of success with your
video messages as we were talking about
earlier
so we'll get you on back on to to cover
all that because i'm not sure a lot of
people left on the edge of their seat
thing
i've got my profile ready now but how do
i actually get these leads coming in
so we'll get you back on soon dude and
trust me after sending
over 4 000 videos i can honestly tell
you there's a
there's an easy way to do it um
it it might take some time but i
honestly think it is going to give you a
much better outreach in terms of your
brand awareness and
being professional for your audience it
honestly makes a
huge difference when i send those videos
to clients that literally just started
conversation
because everyone else when they connect
with someone you send a text
that makes no sense if i if i met you in
person am i going to text you saying hi
no i send a video put your face out
there in 2021 folks
sound advice stand out from the crowd
indeed well jared it's been an absolute
pleasure we'll get you on again sir
but first for anyone that wants to learn
more about you um
or connect with you or learn how you can
help them what's the best way to get in
touch with you
sir well of course linkedin um at jar
investormature.com i'm jared smith
you can also find me on my website
jaredbestimachal.com
and you can message me i'm always
responsive
always willing to have a conversation
because one of the things i'm addicted
to is learning from persons every single
day so feel free to message me i'll be
happy to help
awesome man we'll put all of that info
all the links to yourself jared in the
show notes over at
businessgrowth.marketing and with that
thanks very much really appreciate you
coming on man my pleasure my
dad for the opportunity and glad for the
conversation
no worries and if you enjoyed the show
as always be sure to hit subscribe for
business growth show wherever the heck
you get your podcast bit youtube
apple podcast spotify or somewhere else
we interview business leaders
each and every week to provide
actionable tips to grow your business
grow yourselves and make best use of
your marketing time and investment
and we'll catch you again on the next
episode cheers for tuning in